Add some dev setup info about hatch (#98)
pyOpenSci/pyosMeta: development.md

# Development Guide

Developers can use hatch to simplify set up of a pyosMeta development
environment and executing development tasks.

## Setting up a development environment

### Install hatch

1. Follow the [hatch installation instructions](https://hatch.pypa.io/latest/install/#installation).
2. Open a new terminal and run `hatch --version` to verify that `hatch` is available.

### Open a local dev environment using hatch

In a terminal, enter:

`hatch shell`

You will now have an activated virtual environment.

> [Hatch Environments](https://hatch.pypa.io/latest/environment/#entering-environments) explains

Reviewer: oh i also created a tutorial for [hatch here ](https://hatch.pypa.io/dev/tutorials/environment/basic-usage/) on using environments. should we link to that? i tried to be comprehensive and i can add to it as needed if we want. ofek just merged it the other week ✨

> [Hatch Environments](https://hatch.pypa.io/latest/environment/#entering-environments) explains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[To learn more about working with Hatch environments, check out this tutorial.](https://hatch.pypa.io/dev/tutorials/environment/basic-usage/) explains
```
